Added client relationship disclaimer (#81)
lambdaclass/lambdaclass_hacking_learning_path: README.md

- [The Biggest Mistake I See Engineers Make](https://web.archive.org/web/20220125174724/https://www.thezbook.com/the-biggest-mistake-i-see-engineers-make/)
- [The Sunk Cost Fallacy](https://thedecisionlab.com/biases/the-sunk-cost-fallacy/)

### Even if you work with a client you're working for Lambda at the end

It's commonplace in Lambda to work collaboratively with clients in the development of apps and features, so maybe you will have more day to day rapport with them than with your other Lambda coworkers. If you're in that situation you should always remember a few key things:

- Your work relation is with Lambda, not with the client so expect to get feedback from your Lambda's Tech Lead and Project Manager and not by the client, don't ask for it either.

> - The Lambda-client relationship is kept by the Tech Leads and Project Managers. If someone from the client ask you something through a DM please contact your Tech Lead and Project Manager about it.

Reviewer: lgtm

> - The Lambda-client relationship is kept by the Tech Leads and Project Managers. If someone from the client ask you something through a DM please contact your Tech Lead and Project Manager about it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The relationship between Lambda and the client relationship is managed by the Tech Leads and Project Managers. If someone from the client side makes a request to you personally via DM please contact your Tech Lead and Project Manager about it. Make sure your Teach Lead and Project Manager are in the loop for all relevant information.
```
